42 GAESAR: 000010 wan, 0000 rv.

account' of daily exercise they become rnen of extraor-
dinary (greatest) power. 10. The Gauls take particular
delight in horsea. 11. But the Germans use small and
ill-shaped [ones]. 12. Nor do they think that anything⁸
is more disgraceful than to use saddleeloths. 13. How·
ever few [they are]‚ they dare 10 attach any' number
whatever of effeminate Gaulo. 14. Although (oum) the
Ubii are 01 the same racc, nevertheless they are more
refined than the other· Germana

Accusative and Genitive with verbs ol Feeling or Emotion, ³8, ⁸6.

89. (thapsa—«5. 1.Fina11y; on the spot3 10 forma
plan. 2. He wandered for three years. 3. They ad-
1000011 0 three days' journey. 4. The Menapii stationed
garrisons 00 this side of the Rhine. 5. Having tried
every resource (all things) they pretended to return 10
their own abodes. 6. Before (priusquam) orossing the
river they seized all the vessels of the Menapii. 7. They
crossed the Rhine before the Menapii, who were on this
side 01 the river, could be informed. 8. No confidencc
should be placed in (nothing should bc intrusted to)
the Gauls. 9. Travellers are compelled, even against
their will, to disclose' what they have heard. 10. What
regions have you come from? 11. They repent 01 their
schemes. 12. Ηο formed a plan that he repented 01 00
the spot. 13. They often have to (neeesse) repent 01
schemes which they enter into. 14. The things that I
suspected would happen have happened.

Dative of Possessor, 67. Relative 01 characteristic, 149.

90. Chaps. 7-9. 1. The next day but one; several days
before. 2. We do not refuso to contend (oubj. w. quin),

 

 

