ron 0000 0000000000. 105

and hard-hearted if I did not kill the slave (54)? 9. If
Lentulus is on the throne (reigning), then Catilina will
eome with an army. 10. Gan we enjoy life when we 000
Lentulus on the throne? 11. May we (dat.) be permit
ted· to enjoy this city in safety. 12. Because Lentulus
hoped to be king (reign), for this reason 1 was the more
severe against him. 13. 11 Ι (10 001 inflict the severest
punishment on him,I shall seem too lenient. 14. 10 the
case of Lentulus, if we put him to death, shall we be
regarded as oruel or meroiful? 15. He aimed at (0ςό ut)
murdering⁸ 000 by 0001110011111000Ι 01 each one of you.
16. Was Cicero mowed by a eruel (oruelty of) disposition
or by extraordinary courtesy? 17. You, conscript fathers,
have assigned to me the preservation 01 the state (of. at
tn'buit 060 trucidandos).

Relative 01 characteristic, 149, 154. Aoeusative 01 the
Gerundive, 92.

45. chapsr. 1. Patriotism3 sinoe the founding 01 the
oity, every preparation has been made. 2. I have assist
anoe· enough to oarry out the measures (those things)
that you deoide upon. 3. Every preparation and every
provision has been made for preserving the oommon for-
tunes of all. 4. Not only (oum) has my diligende been
very great, but (tum) the desire of the Roman people to
retain imperial sway hasbeen mueh greater. 5. The
forum is the only plaoe in whieh there is a sufficient
guard'. 6. Shall I mention the senators or the knights?
’1. This is the only 0000 10 ,0111011 knights and senators
have one and the same feeling. 8. We 000 011 having one

. and the same feeling. 9. These (isti) are the only men

who 000001 be reekoned in the number of citizens. 10. I

 

