88 ¹ , crosso: 0111111111 11.

take (of. licet intellegitis, 176) with you my (65) Mona
tius. 13. 01111116 was permitted' to take out all his
forces. 14. Ι am vexed that 11011111 not take thern all
with him. 15. You know how muoh Ι am vexed.

0011111011, First Form‚ 5³. Impar-alive (1111), et.

16. Chap. 3. 1. Metellus ought to hold that levy. 2. I
utterly despise those who are flitting about the Forum.
3. Remember that Ι know· to whom Apulia has been 11-
signed. 4. Remember 11111 Ι (1110101011Ι 111 their plans
yesterday. 5. You are greatly mistaken, 11 you think
those country bankrupts 110 10 be feared. 6. Ι10110111061
that even (ipse) 01111110 was alarmed [and] fled. 7. Ι1
they stay 11 home, they are not to be feared. 8. They
were greatly mistaken, if they thought that Apulia would
be (forent) assigned to them. 9. Be assured (sut. imper.

. os solo) that 01111116 knows what Ι think.

Aoousative iu Exclamations, 28. Locatlve, 116.

17. chap. 4. 1. So great. . . as; to 1116 on intimate
terms with. 2. You see that men like 01111111 have
formed a conspiracy openly. 3. Ι1 they are 111111111,
they agree with 011111116. 4. Α great number 01 ruined
men were oolleoted 11 Rome. 5. Poor⁸ 01111110 pines
with longing for (01) these assassins 6. 11 they should
set out by the Aurelian road⁸ (23) they would overtake
him towards evening. 7. 0 fortunate men, 11 they do
overtake himl 8. Ο wretched 01111111, 11 they do not
overtake him! 9. Ofortunate republio, if it gets rid 01
this rabblel 10. There was never suoh (so great) villany
in any· man as in him. 11. There was no sooundrel in
Rome whom he did not live on intimate terms with.

 

