14 crosna: onnnrc wnn, soon 1.

demand⁵ our arms. 8. One party waited for his (not
suun) arrival, the other hastened to the Rhine. 9. If
vve give up our arma· we shall be punished. 10. Early
in the night they gave up their arms.

Dative of Retenenee, 69. Conjunotions omitted, 60.

26. Chap. 28. 1. At home3 to receive into an equal
condition. . . with themselves. 2. Searoh them out and
bring them back. 3. If you wish to be exculpated in my
sight, bring them bank. 4. When (oum) they had brought
them bank, they were exculpated in his sight. 5. If you
bring them baek (obl. aba), you will be exculpated in my'
sight. 6. Hostages‚ arms [and] refugees were delivered
up. 1. The Helvetians returned to the territorias they
had started from (whence they had started). 8. We have
nothing at home. 9. He ordered (iubeo, 115) them to
furnish a supply of grain. 10. He ordered (impero) thern
to rebuild their towns. 11. Are not the Boii men of
extraordinary valor?

Dative with Speoial Verbs‚ ⁷ 1.

2⁷. cnsp. ³0. 1. Advantageous to Gaul, to us (nostro).
2. To infliet punishment on. 3. Leading men of all

Gaul congratulated Caesar (6161..) 4. Η6 had inflioted
punishment upon the Helvetians. 5. Although (tamensi,

52) he had inflioted punishment upon them, still am· -.

bassadors eame to congratulate him. 6. It is advan-
tageons to us to do this. 1. May ve (is it permitted to
us to) do this? 8. You may do this. 9. They beg per·
mission (that it may be permitted) to seleet any abode.
10. They nome to sue for (sapiae, 169) peaoe. 11. I have
certain things that I wish to ask' of you. 12. They were
permitted to do this (this thing vas permitted to them).

 

